idiot 615 right now 58 degrees outside
when Eric snow played for the cast he
often hosted father-son camps to
strengthen family ties the former
Cleveland Cavalier and Canton McKinley
Bulldog now leading a new effort to help
children will join us next to talk about
the details of his plan and worries over
European debt still Canton native Eric
snow played in the NBA for 13 seasons
including four with your Cleveland
Cavaliers his tremendous run started as
a bulldog at Canton McKinley and now
Eric is giving back to his hometown with
plans for a brand new YMCA and he is
here to tell us more about the effort
good morning Eric wondering what you've
been up to and now we know talk about
this wonderful project in your hometown
well basically it's for the communities
for our children to give them an
opportunity to have something new to
have something they can grow into and
their children and families can all go
to the same place they can have an
opportunity to to have fun have
activities and also if you put a element
of academics into it so now what you
have is you have a product that's inside
in Kansas City of Canton is theirs and
everybody can enjoy it how did you get
involved well basically I grew up
through the YMCA and our dated
activities in there so I just know that
you know from a legacy standpoint from
my standpoint I want to be able to help
provide something that our children
won't get in half our children can look
into and then also I have a friend that
I played in high school with that works
with the YMCA so I know and trust him
and I know the fact that the YMCA what
it stands for in the stands for helping
other people talk about how the Y helped
you growing up as a young boy it gave me
opportunities to to come and work on my
you know basketball game or have fun and
have the summer activities and there was
a different outlet that you can have for
during the summer during events when you
really need something where you really
want something to do that you can have a
place to go to and you can have a place
that you can go to with my older
brothers with my cousins and
friends so you can learn and do so many
different things through the YMCA and
that was my experience right there he's
gonna bear your name Eric snow white the
Eric snow YMCA Wow
excellent so what have you been doing
man you you still a play-by-play you do
a little color announcing it's like
their color for last season and
hopefully we'll have another season what
can people do to help you achieve this
goal to make this YMCA you can help
donate you're going online to help
Canton kids org and you can go in you
can donate still in a lot of naming
rights does that's available right now
we're 3.1 million raised and trying to
get to 5.6 more than I knowing this and
these times it's hard in the economics
but yet and still it's still an
opportunity to help some people and
hopefully we'll get where we're trying
to go do you miss playing ball do I miss
playing basketball I miss the
camaraderie and all friendships but I do
not miss running up and down the court
this whole lockout situation I've been
there you know I was a vice president
when I was in the league and it's a
matter of them sitting down and getting
something done I think that once they
accomplish that and you said all the
hidden agendas to the side that they'll
get it done one other question you
played with LeBron James here in
Cleveland what's your take on the
decision and the fact he left the city
and all of that well I mean to be honest
with you I had no problem with him
leaving I mean he's your free agent so
you have the ability the chance to leave
I think he handled it the wrong way
I'm sure he knows that definitely by now
that he handled it the wrong way but he
had a right to leave I just think that
you kind of do it in a different way and
you kind of move on everybody else would
have moved I kind of worry about small
markets like Cleveland though in the
future as far as being competitive when
you know when you can't keep your stars
well that's the concern it's a serious
concern but you know Tim donkey stadia
San Antonio so it does happen
your parents still living in Kansas a
beautiful lady I used to sit down when
you played with the Cavaliers you see it
the cue and great to see you Erika I'm
putting the best of luck to you and for
all the information on the Eric snow
YMCA we will have a direct link on our
website Fox a fact
good luck season 26 right now 58 degrees
outside we're gonna take a quick break
and we'll be right back
you